c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.xml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach.baml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.xml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.xml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.xml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.xml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll.config
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.g.vb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach.g.vb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.baml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.baml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach.baml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.g.resources
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Resources.resources
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.xml
F:\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.g.resources
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Resources.resources
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\TimKhachHang.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\ui_TimKhachHang.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\TimKhachHang.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\ui_TimKhachHang.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\TImSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\ui_TimSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_NhapSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\TImSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\ui_TimSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_NhapSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\SuaSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\ui_SuaSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\SuaSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\ui_SuaSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ThemKhachHang.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ThemSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ui_ThemKhachHang.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ui_ThemSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ThemKhachHang.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ThemSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ui_ThemKhachHang.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ui_ThemSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\SuaKhachHang.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_BanSach.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\ui_SuaKhachHang.g.vb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\SuaKhachHang.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_BanSach.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\ui_SuaKhachHang.baml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\Dragablz.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\Dragablz.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\Dragablz.xml
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
D:\Download\Compressed\QuanLyNhaSach\QuanLyNhaSach\GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe.config
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\GUI.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\Dragablz.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\BUS.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\DTO.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\Dragablz.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\Dragablz.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\bin\Debug\DAO.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\SuaKhachHang.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\SuaSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ThemKhachHang.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ThemSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\TimKhachHang.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\TImSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\ui_TimKhachHang.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\ui_TimSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_BanSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_NhapSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\ui_SuaSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ui_ThemKhachHang.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ui_ThemSach.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\ui_SuaKhachHang.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\Application.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\NhapSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\SuaKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\SuaSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ThemKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ThemSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\TimKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\TImSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimKhachHang\ui_TimKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\TimSach\ui_TimSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_BanSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_NhapSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaSach\ui_SuaSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemKhachHang\ui_ThemKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ThemSach\ui_ThemSach.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\SuaKhachHang\ui_SuaKhachHang.baml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.g.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.exe
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\GUI.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_ThayDoiQuyDinh.g.vb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\Code\Quan_Ly_Nha_Sach\QLNS\GUI\obj\Debug\ui_ThayDoiQuyDinh.baml
